[Music]
can you draw out Leviathan with a hook
or snare his tongue with a line which
you lower can you put a reed through his
nose or pierce his jaw with a hook will
he make many supplications to you will
he speak softly to you will he make a
covenant with you will you take him as a
servant forever will you play with him
as with a bird or will you leash him for
your maintenance who your companions
make a banquet of him
will they apportion him among the
merchants can you fill his skin with
harpoons
on his head with fishing Spears
lay your hand on him remember the battle
never do it again
indeed any hope of overcoming him is
false shall one not be overwhelmed at
the sight of him no one is so fierce
that he would dare stir him up who then
is able to stand against me who has
preceded me that I should pay him
everything under heaven is mine I will
not conceal his limbs his mighty power
or his graceful proportions who can
remove his outer coat who can approach
him with a double bridle who can open
the doors of his face with his terrible
teeth all around his rows of scales are
his pride shut up
tightly as with a seal one is so near
another that no air can come between
them they are joined one to another they
stick together and cannot be planted his
sneezing's flash forth light and his
eyes are like the eyelids of them
out of his mouth go burning lights
sparks of fire shoot out smoke goes out
of his nostrils as from a boiling pot
and burning rushes his breath Kindles
coals and a flame goes out of his mouth
strengths dwells in his neck and sorrow
dances before him the folds of his flesh
are joined together they are firm on him
and cannot be moved his heart is as hard
as stone even as hard as the lower
millstone when he raises himself up the
mighty are afraid because of his
crashings they are beside themselves
though the sword reaches him it cannot
avail nor despair dogs or javelin he
regards iron as strong and bronze as
rotten wood the arrow cannot make him
flee sling stones become like stubble to
him darts are regarded as strong
laughs of the threat of javelins his
undersides are like sharp potsherds he
spreads pointed marks in the mile he
makes the deep boil like a pot he makes
the sea like a pot of wine he leaves a
shining wake behind him one would think
the deal at white hair on earth there is
nothing like him which is made without
fear he beholds every high thing he is
king over all the children of pride